beta announcement post (#1868)
iasql/iasql: site/blog/updates/beta.md

<img width={340} src={'https://media.tenor.com/Nbv1SysxlrUAAAAC/heavenly-joy-jerkins-i-am-so-excited.gif'} />

## Alpha phase in numbers​

- 26 Alpha versions
- 170 databases created
- 199 GitHub stars
- 11 GitHub contributors
- 481 GitHub issues closed
- 140,755 lines of code and markdown
- 24 AWS services covered
- 90 Discord members

Here are the new features that ship in the Beta versions of IaSQL:

### 🏡 Home is where your local env is

We made IaSQL easier to run locally by bundling up our dashboard into the IaSQL docker container and publishing it to [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/iasql/iasql). This makes IaSQL easier to try out without having your cloud credentials ever leave your local environment. It is as simple as running the command below and going to `http://localhost:9876` on your preferred browser.

```bash

> docker run -p 5432:5432 -p 9876:9876 --name iasql iasql/iasql

Reviewer: no joke if it is in the wrong order 😢 😂 
```suggestion
docker run -p 9876:9876 -p 5432:5432 --name iasql iasql/iasql
```

[Learn more about it in the RFC for this feature &#8594;](https://github.com/iasql/iasql/blob/main/rfcs/003%20-%20Multi-Region%20Support%20RFC.md)

### 🪄 Infrastructure changes as transactions, please

We redid the UX to allow handling infrastructure changes automatically and for delicate, or complex, changes to your cloud account use an [IaSQL transaction](/docs/transaction) akin to transactions in a regular database. Do you want to programmatically modify your infra or control plane? We got you!

[Learn more about it in the RFC for this feature &#8594;](https://github.com/iasql/iasql/blob/main/rfcs/004%20-%20Continuous%20Two-Way%20Synchronization%20RFC.md)

### 🎚️ Moar coverage of AWS services

Increased AWS service coverage for EC2, CodeDeploy, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, SNS, ACM, Route53 amongst a few others. Additionally, we have a new `aws_sdk` module that lets you invoke the AWS SDK directly using PostgreSQL functions with added type safety.

[See an up-to-date list of covered AWS services &#8594;](https://github.com/iasql/iasql#aws-services-with-significant-api-coverage)

### 💨 Breeze through a simplified AWS

> AWS is well... complicated. We set forth simplified modules that focus on specific use cases like deploying a docker container to ECS and exposing it to the internet which involves ECR, ECS, ACM, and Route53. The simplified modules are written in pure SQL on top of the existing IaSQL modules, or AWS services, and are meant to abstract the complexity of coordinating multiple AWS services while still letting you peek under the hood when needed. Think of a simplified module as a PaaS hosted in your AWS account that is built on top of known AWS services but also lets you eject back into these AWS services when needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AWS is well... complicated. Our modules let you create, update, and delete your cloud resources as relational tables with the configurability AWS provides, but sometimes those details are not relevant to what you are trying to accomplish. So we have developed simplified modules that focus on specific use cases. For instance deploying a docker container to ECS and exposing it to the internet which is not just ECS but involves ECR, ECS, ACM, and Route53. These simplified modules are written in pure SQL on top of the existing IaSQL modules and are meant to abstract the complexity of coordinating multiple AWS services while still letting you peek under the hood when needed. Think of a simplified module as a PaaS hosted in your AWS account that is built on top of known AWS services but also lets you eject back into these AWS services if necessary.
```
